Document ingress.oktetoIngressClass (#202)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/administration/configuration.mdx

Configure default values for the ingress created by Okteto.

- `annotations`: The annotations to apply to all the ingresses created during the Okteto installation.
- `oktetoIngressClass`: The `ingressClassName` to apply to all the ingresses created during the Okteto installation (defaults to `nginx`).

> - `class`: If set, Okteto will set this as the `ingressClassName` of all ingresses managed by Okteto. This is useful if you have more than one ingress controller in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `class`: If specified, Okteto will set this as the `ingressClassName` for all ingresses managed by Okteto. This is useful if you have more than one ingress controller in your cluster.
```
